ldap draft (#1045)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/user-management/ldap.md

---
description: Using LDAP with n8n.
---

# Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP)

!!! info "Feature availability"		

> 		* Available on Enterprise plans for n8n Cloud and self-hosted n8n.

Author: ```suggestion
		* Available on Self-hosted Enterprise and custom Cloud plans.
```
